Oh, oh, whoa-ho-ho.
Whoa, whoa.
Six of the finest cows in Italy
died for this leather.
I will not let
a child's car seat
make a mockery
of their sacrifice.
Ravi, put her
in the front seat.
What are you doing?
Babies can't ride in the front.
Yeah, get a clue,
Grandpa.
I told you,
I don't go by "Grandpa."
Well, you told us what
the other options are,
and "Uncle Happy" and
"The Candyman" sound worse.
RAVI: You're
Grandpa now,
and that's forever.
All right... come on, Edie,
let's ditch these buzzkills.
Put her in shotgun.
I refuse to live
in a world
where laws protect human life
over fine Italian leather.
Ready, kid?
(catchy instrumental
rock music playing)
♪ ♪
(engine revving)
Sir, I can't
emphasize enough
how little I care about
the six Italian cows
that died
for your car's interior.
Could you at least put a note
on the ticket
that said we looked really cool
when you pulled us over?
Did you bring a car seat
with you?
JIMMY:
Hey, we're home!
Oh, only a
half hour late.
Did you cut your
Pilates short?
No. Like Dario would
ever let me leave early.
Oh, what the...? Ugh.
You know you need
to change her diapers
sometimes, right?
She still wears diapers?
She didn't mention it to me.
Oh. Oh.
Hey, champ.
Hey, Candyman. I need your help.
What's up?
We're parked in.
Move the frickin' car, bro!
It's not my car.
I'm just walking by.
I didn't say it's your car.
Figure it out.
Dad, I need you to take Edie
to the Van Amburg Academy
Preschool open house.
Uh, technically,
my Edie shift is over.
I was just ready to clock out.
By the way,
what kind of preschool
has an open house, anyway?
An awesome one.
Look, Van Amburg Academy
has a robotics program,
a ballet program,
a-a meteorology center.
Oh, no, that place
is so elitist.
I think Edie would be better off
at Gerald's old preschool.
Is that my mom? Mom,
I don't want her going
to a preschool
in a Russian lady's backyard.
You loved the Russian lady.
She sent you home every day
with a cup of soup.
Okroshka! All there was
to eat was okroshka.
Van Amburg Academy is, like,
the number one preschool in L.A.
Yeah, according
to some awful book
that profits
off of yuppie parents
who view everything
as a competition.
There's a book that says it's
number one? Where is it?
It's...
as a guy who owns the number one
restaurant in L.A.,
certainly
I want my granddaughter
going to the number one
preschool in L.A.
I thought you
were number 24.
Oh, you can't trust those lists.
All right, Gerald,
I'll take Edie.
Ah, thank you! Um, um,
we'll try to meet you there.
I think Vanessa's handling
the car problem.
A little help?
(quiet grunt)
Suck it in, pork chop,
suck it in.
You got to lay off
those breakfast burritos.
(grunting)
(laughs)
Here, allow me.
(click)
Ah. Oh, thank you,
attractive stranger.
Congratulations--
you win a baby!
Oh, I hope was hoping
to win of those today.
No, I'm just kidding.
You know, for a second there,
I thought you were the
same guy I saw earlier
driving with a little
kid in the front seat.
I would never do that.
That's, like, a... $265 ticket.
No, I know, I know.
I tried to stop him,
but he was blasting Taylor
Swift and couldn't hear me.
Oh, I'm sure he was
probably just blasting it
for the child's sake.
Oh, no, no.
She was crying.
He was... lovin' it.
Oh. (chuckles)
a law-abiding father
like you are.
Oh. I'm not her father.
Actually, I'm her...
father.
Isn't that what
I just said?
No. No, you didn't say that.
Hi. I'm Jimmy.
This is Edie.
Aw.
Hi, Edie. I'm Sloan.
Are you guys visiting
the school?
Uh-huh.
Oh.
Here. Follow me.
'Kay.
E-Edie.
My daughter.
Hey, come to Daddy.
Mm, our campus is wonderful.
But what really sets us apart
is our founder,
Dr. Charles Van Amburg,
and his revolutionary
Pathways of the Mind
curriculum.
That's what
makes us the best.
who only wants the best,
I like what I'm hearing.
Congratulations.
We're in.
Oh. Uh...
(chuckles)
I'm sorry, that's not
really how it works, so...
We get over
a thousand applicants
every year for 20 spots.
I didn't even know there were
a thousand two-year-olds. Yuck.
Yeah. I don't mean
to sound discouraging,
but your chances of getting in
are very slim.
Eh.
But enjoy the campus.
Come on, Edie, let's check out
a school you'll never get into,
and then after,
I'll take you to a store
and burn a doll in front of you.
I could fit.
All right, go. Go, go.
(low, indistinct chatter)
Hi.
Uh, I'm Gerald Kingsley,
Edie's dad. Sorry I'm late.
Edie's dad?
I thought Jimmy was Edi...
Oh. Duh.
(both laugh)
Uh, come on, follow me.
I'll show you
where she is.
Oh.
Edie, look what I made.
Ooh.
Oh, yours is good, too.
Yeah. Let me see
what you made.
Oh, that's nice!
You know, you can't be
the cutest girl in the world
and the smartest-- you got to
spread it around a little bit.
You don't want haters, right?
(shouts indistinctly)
Edie?
Your other dad is here.
GERALD:
Oh, my goodness!
(laughs)
"Other dad"?
(singsongy):
Hey...
Ah.
You guys are such
an adorable couple.
I'll be right back.
Bye, now!
Don't know.
Also don't care.
Should we go?
Uh, let me just...
let me just guess.
Yeah. You couldn't admit
that you're a grandpa,
so you told her
that you're Edie's dad,
and so that when I told her
I was also Edie's dad,
instead of assuming
you were lying--
'cause that would be
a crazy lie--
she thinks that we're
Edie's two gay dads?
(scoffs)
Yes.
How did you mess this up
so quickly,
so badly and so creepily?
News flash: it's 2015-- being
gay is not creepy, it's cool.
Being... gay with your dad
is creepy. Hi, kids.
Well, look, if it makes
you feel any better,
Sloan said that Edie
has no chance
of getting in here.
Hi... Sloan. Listen,
I should've been
honest with you...
Ah-ah, don't be silly.
Van Amburg Academy
is very progressive.
And we value
diversity.
I'm not supposed
to tell you this,
but we are always looking
for families like yours.
We think you guys are fabulous!
(laughs)
Oh, we-we love the
word "fabulous."
Don't we?
Fabulous.
I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna
set up an in-home interview,
and I will have
Dr. Van Amburg
do it himself.
He's gonna love
you guys!
(exhales)
This campus rules!
I changed my mind--
I want to be buried here
instead of at Staples Center.
Jimmy, what did you do?
You're not really
doing this, are you?
Trying to benefit from the gay
struggle without the struggle?
Or the gay?
I was living my life, quietly
dating Anna Kournikova's cousin,
and all of a sudden,
my son shows up,
and we're supposed to be lovers.
GERALD:
Man, this is crazy.
Let's just cancel
the interview.
Yeah?
What?!
No way, dummies.
We are not canceling!
A good preschool
is the difference
between Edie
becoming president,
or becoming a spring break
shot girl in Lake Havasu.
And I've seen Edie dance.
She's got some
Havasu in her.
It's terrifying.
Uh, we'd have to do
the home interview
with the headmaster.
He's never gonna believe
we're a couple.
I have no idea what it's like to
be in a homosexual relationship.
It's like being
in any other relationship.
I have no idea
what that's like, either.
GERALD:
And even if Edie gets in,
what, are we supposed
to keep up
this lie forever?
You can get through
one interview.
After she's accepted,
just say you dumped Jimmy.
Or Jimmy dumped him.
Right. I mean...
It's really not that crazy.
Yes, it is.
Lying like this is crazy.
Everyone lies on applications.
You know, maybe you two
are just homophobic.
Uh...
What?!
Vanessa, that makes me angry
to hear you say that.
Annelise, tell her
how happy I was
when-when same sex marriage got
legalized. Tell her, tell her.
Oh, it's true, like many
straight people these days,
you made a very big show
of how excited you were.
Full-on tears of joy.
Okay, then. Great.
Let's do what's best for Edie,
and let's have the interview.
(Gerald sighs heavily)
I always said
I'd do anything for Edie.
But from now on,
maybe I'll stop saying that.
Look at all these fun projects
from your old preschool.
Yeah.
Here.
Oh, this is a snowman
or a house.
Oh!
Edie would
love it there.
And bonus: you don't have to
pretend you sleep with your dad.
Mom, you know, you always say
how great my preschool was,
but I do live
in your guest house.
You know, if I'd gone to
Van Amburg Academy, who knows?
Maybe I'd be living
in Elon Musk's guest house.
Oh, poor Gerald.
You had it so rough.
I'm not saying you made a
mistake sending me there.
I'm not saying that, either.
Is that what you're saying?
What are you saying?
I got to go.
We're setting up for
the interview at Dad's place.
My boyfriend's place, my...
You two deserve each other.
(door closes)
Do you think I was a bad mom?
Ball.
No. That was a "no."
I heard that.
(gasps)
Ah.
Oh.
Okay, for the
interview tomorrow,
we need to make
your condo look more
convincing.
I saw this thing where a gay guy
was living on a boat.
I'm actually more worried
about them believing
that a family lives here.
Which is why
I had Annelise make up some
fake old photos of us. Here.
Wow. Annelise, you're an artist!
This looks so real.
Check it out.
We're at the Capitol Building.
We're dog-sledding in Alaska.
We're celebrating the launch
of the Hubble Telescope.
We work at NASA?
Oh, that's what's ridiculous
about this situation?
All right, so,
we have pictures of us.
We are... done.
One more thing.
We need to make it look like
a baby actually lives here.
♪ Don't take no rhythm ♪
♪ Don't take no style ♪
♪ Got a thirst for killin' ♪
♪ Grab your vial and ♪
♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ Stroke me, stroke me ♪
♪ Say you're a winner, but, man,
you're just a sinner now. ♪
How about, uh...
(clears throat) gay club?
That's where you want to say
we went on our first date?
Mm-hmm.
A gay club?
Yeah.
What's wrong with a gay club?
What's wrong
with having a place
to feel safe and have fun?
It's just a little on
the nose, don't you think?
I mean, I mean, you know,
we could go anywhere
you normally go.
If I were a girl, where would
you take me on a first date?
If you were a girl,
I wouldn't take you
on a date,
because we're gay, see?
Yeah, I got to get to work.
We can't have one
nice night together.
It's just work, work,
work, work with you.
Maybe if someone had
a little discipline
with the credit cards.
(laughter)
Weird, right?
Kids leaving stuff everywhere.
I can't wait for this interview
to be over so I can get
my apartment back to normal.
I mean, it might make sense
for you to leave this stuff up.
Edie's gonna be over here a
lot, and got a family now.
You should have
a family house.
Face it, Grandpa,
you're gonna be
a grandpa forever.
Ladies.
Did anyone check their IDs
before they served them alcohol?
They look a little underage.
(laughter)
Hey.
Mm.
But don't worry.
I already told her
you're in a monogamous
relationship with your son.
(laughter)
Perfect.
Hi.
Sloan. Uh, what
are you doing here?
Well, I was just having
dinner down the road, and
I remembered that you said you
had a restaurant around here.
Stopped by to make sure
you weren't lying. (laughs)
(laughing)
(sighs)
How about a drink?
You want a...?
I'm gonna have a drink.
You want a drink?
Sure.
Thanks.
Seriously,
why are all
the hottest guys gay?!
We're not all gay. No.
Yes, you are,
and you know it.
Gerald's not so bad, either.
Yeah, no, he's-he's definitely
the second hottest guy
in our relationship.
Okay, I don't know about that.
He is the younger one,
you dog, you.
You might be old enough
to be his father.
Yeah, but I'm-I'm not
his father, though.
Yeah, I know.
(laughter)
Okay, so tell me
how you guys met.
Oh, you'll never guess.
Playing sports.
And then came Edie.
Mm.
Nope, nope,
my old life was gone.
Just poof.
But you're the happiest
you've ever been.
My bachelor pad
is baby-proofed.
There's crumbs and
stickers everywhere.
Basically clocked in
all the time now.
I mean, every day
is family day.
It's just... oh.
It is so refreshing
to see how committed you are.
I mean, seriously,
most guys I know
would be just terrified
to get rid of their old life.
You know, they're just
desperately holding on
to their so-called manhood
in some way. It's just...
I'm a terrible boyfriend.
All right, Edie, I really hope
you don't understand
what's happening,
but it's all for you.
You okay?
You look a little nervous.
Ha. No. The only thing I'm
nervous about is what...
Ivy League college
Edie's gonna get into.
I see her as a, uh...
as a Cromwell girl.
No, I see her going
to more of a real university
that you didn't
just make up.
(buzzer sounding)
they're here.
Vanessa, you want
to get the door?
don't you dare screw this up,
okay?
Be cool.
We got this.
(whispering):
The baby. Get the baby.
Hello!
I'm Barbara.
I have a black belt in karate
and...
Uh, Barbara's
our babysitter.
Uh, that'll be all
for now, Barbara.
Yes, thank you,
Barbara.
I'm Charles Van Amburg.
You must be Jimmy and Gerald.
Yes.
Edie.
Which would make me Barbara.
And that's Annelise,
our-our...
wacky neighbor, who comes over
uninvited and eats all our food.
I'm their Kramer.
Uh, come on
in.
Um, I'm sorry the place
is such a mess.
Someone over here
is a real slob.
Uh, let me give you
the tour, yes?
Thank you.
SLOAN:
Oh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Hi. Sorry. I'm late.
Sloan. I didn't know
you were coming.
Well, here I am. You know,
you ran out of the restaurant
so fast, we didn't get a chance
to talk about what happened.
Oh, you mean
that silly little kiss?
That was nothing.
I kiss everyone.
I'm ridiculous.
Are you two even gay?
That was not
the kiss of a gay man.
Uh, Ger? Ger.
(quietly):
Kiss me.
Kiss me. Kiss me.
Dr. Van Amburg, would you like
to see a picture of Ger and I
when we were...
working at NASA?
(children laughing)
SARA:
And now my son
wants Edie to go to
this pretentious private school,
and I just remember how this was
such a special place for Gerald.
(gasps)
♪ ♪
(bubbling)
(clucking)
(creaking)
(sizzling)
Tsiliana, you've...
made quite a few changes.
No. School exactly the same.
Same toys, same playground,
same stove.
Nyet. We even
have same magic box.
Oh, my God, that's an
abandoned refrigerator.
Not according
to child imagination.
It can be jail, time machine,
other kind of jail.
No. No, that definitely
was not here before.
There's no way I would have
left Gerald in a playground
with an abandoned refrigerator.
You were single mother, da?
Yes. What does that have
to do with anything?
Single mothers tough.
They do the best they can.
They don't worry about
abandoned fridge in playground.
But now you older,
you have more money, more time.
Now you worry.
Now you soft.
(grunts)
(gasps)
Oh, my God.
I want Edie to go
to Van Amburg Academy.
Ooh, Van Amburg
Academy.
That's where my kids go.
So, Dr. Van Amburg,
as Edie's babysitter, Barbara,
I would love to hear more
about the school's curriculum.
Do you have karate?
We tailor each child's
curriculum to meet
their individual cognitive
and emotional needs.
But what really makes
our school special
are the families,
which is why
we're so thorough
in our selection process.
So, how long have you two
been together?
BOTH:
Four years.
What's your anniversary?
BOTH:
September 29.
Where was
your first date?
BOTH: The train museum
at Griffith Park.
Sloan,
why all the questions?
I just, uh... (chuckles)
I think it's important
that we know as much as we can
about our families.
Well, as you can see,
we're very open.
Yes. Clearly.
Hi!
(door shuts)
I'm Sara. I'm Gerald's mom
and Edie's grandmother.
Hello, Sara.
We can't tell you
how excited we are
about Edie attending
Van Amburg Academy.
It's always been a dream
of mine.
SLOAN:
Well, it is lovely
to meet another member
of the family. Where was Gerald
and Jimmy's first date?
(chugging, toot sounds)
It was so nice to meet you.
I... What? Yes!
(chuckles)
I...
have to go there.
(chuckles)
She's a little...
mmm. We take care of her.
That's sweet. Well, it's been a
pleasure chatting with you all.
You seem like a lovely family.
I can see how you would be
wonderful additions to
our school community.
Thank you.
Jimmy kissed me!
What?
(quietly):
This is the best.
You kissed her?
It was just a kiss.
Y-You know how
us gay guys are.
We're either playing
sports or kissing girls.
How could you do that, Dad?
Are you two
father and son?
No.
Right?
(chuckles)
I don't know what's going on
here, but it doesn't seem good.
I think this interview is over.
Wait.
Look at... us. I mean,
we're... mmm. See?
What is wrong with you?
Pretending
to be a couple
so that your daughter
gets preferential treatment
is...
the kind of moxie Van Amburg
Academy is looking for?
...vile and offensive.
I knew it was either "moxie"
or "vile and offensive."
You two royally
screwed that up, right?
Right?
I'm sorry, guys.
I guess
I really screwed up.
Looks like I'll be sleeping
on the stained couch tonight.
It's okay. You know, we tried
something really stupid,
and it didn't
work out, but...
now we have a story we can tell
for the rest of our lives.
Yeah, I'll say.
like these. And, Mom, look,
if the Russian lady's
preschool was good enough
for me,
I'm sure...
Oh.
Well, then we bow our heads
and say...
(speaking Russian)
So, what's the next preschool
we should try?
Oh, well, see...
(clears throat)
now, that depends on what kind.
I marked up this whole book.
We have, uh,
play-based, Montessori,
of course, Jewish Temple...
What?
What are you guys looking at?
My glasses?
Oh. I lost my good ones.
You must really care about this.
You're reading a book.
Oh, you can leave that one.
Really? Like,
for other people to see?
Yeah. You know,
an ex-boyfriend once told me
that I should get used
to being a grandpa.
The truth is,
I'm actually starting to...
adapt to this whole situation.
That's sweet. You called
your family a situation.
Did you hear that, Edie?
We've been upgraded.
We used to be an accident.